Customer Andrew Robertson added to queue successfully.
Customer Ann Jones added to queue successfully.
Customer Blair Foster added to queue successfully.
Customer Bob Dawson added to queue successfully.
Customer Chris Smith added to queue successfully.
Customer Dave Jackson added to queue successfully.
Customer David Hunter added to queue successfully.
Customer Donald Murray added to queue successfully.
Customer Fiona Thoms added to queue successfully.
Customer Gillian Hamilton added to queue successfully.
Customer Harry Johnston added to queue successfully.
Customer Helen Webster added to queue successfully.
Customer Jack Houston added to queue successfully.
Customer Jo Hill added to queue successfully.
Customer Joe Woods added to queue successfully.
Customer John Brown added to queue successfully.
Customer Judy Hilman added to queue successfully.
Customer Keith Burns added to queue successfully.
Customer Lily Watson added to queue successfully.
Customer Lucy Grey added to queue successfully.
Customer Mary Brown added to queue successfully.
Customer Pamela Field added to queue successfully.
Customer Peter White added to queue successfully.
Customer Robert Murray added to queue successfully.
Customer Susan Turner added to queue successfully.
Customer Thomas Young added to queue successfully.
Customer Tim Smith added to queue successfully.
Customer Tony Lawson added to queue successfully.
Customer Ursula Milton added to queue successfully.
Customer Viola Nicholson added to queue successfully.
Customer Nam Ngo added to queue successfully.
Customer name or Parcel ID X not found in queue.
Customer name or Parcel ID  not found in queue.
Successfully removed all customers with name Viola Nicholson from queue.
Parcel ID X540 not found in queue.
Parcel X919 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X064 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X682 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X780 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X782 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X316 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X278 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X720 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X475 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X386 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X857 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X309 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X733 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X285 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X213 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X009 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X904 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X552 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X121 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X025 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X198 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X521 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X036 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X606 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X214 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X507 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X020 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X086 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel X746 has been picked up. Moving to collected parcel list.
Parcel ID X141 not found, please try again.
There are currently no customer in queue.
Customer queue sorted.

